Update the game over message (#1)
thuta369/skills-review-pull-requests: README.md

</header>

<!--

>   <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>

Author: ```suggestion
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>hello
```

>   <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>

Author: ```suggestion
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
```

  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 5: Apply suggested changes

_Nicely done suggesting changes! :partying_face:_

Now let's see how easy it is to [apply your suggestion](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request).

### :keyboard: Activity: Apply suggested changes

> 1. Click **Commit suggestion**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click **Commit suggestion**.
```

</header>

<!--

>   <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>

Author: ```suggestion
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>super great
```

  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

> ## Step 4: Suggest changes

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Suggest changes
nice work
```

_Nice work reviewing that pull request :sparkles:_

Now that you have explored the different ways you can review a pull request it is time to learn how to use _suggest changes_.

> **What is _suggest changes_?**: This feature enables you to recommend a change to a pull request that the author can commit with the push of a button.

Author: ```suggestion
**What is _suggest changes_?**:  It is a pull request that the author can commit 
```
